species_bonneter;Bonneter;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_bonneter_desc;The fine people of the Cap Kingdom. Ghostly apparitions said by some to be the spirits of discarded dresswear, others to just be a more civilized form of Boo. Whatever the truth is, nobody can doubt the fact Bonneters are absolutely ravishing, and their fashion tends to spread quick to many races.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_burrbo;Burrbo;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_burrbo_desc;The Burrbos, a distant cousin of the Goomba and Galoomba, claim to be the oldest species on the Odyssey Continents, and many theorize them to be a living relic of the oldest form of Goomba, being equated to Shellcreepers. Tending towards vicious temperament, they once held control of the great Thunder Kingdom centuries ago. Nowadays the biggest populations of Burrbos live in stone-age squalor in the Cascade Kingdom. They wouldn't have it any other way.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_gardener;Steam Gardener;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_gardener_desc;The peaceful artificial inhabitants of the Steam Gardens and the surrounding forestlands, the Steam Gardeners are a highly logical people who live their lives humbly and quietly. Nobody knows where they came from, and if the Steam Gardens even had previous inhabitants at all, but the Steam Gardeners could not care less about where they came from, preferring to focus on the now, and of course on their legendary gardens.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_tostarenan;Tostarenan;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_tostarenan_desc;The noble people of the Sand Kingdom, the Tostarenans are the origin of many cultural revolutions across the Odyssey Continent, and hold claim to one of the most holy relics in the Lunatheologist Faith, the Binding Band. Most remember them as a kind and casual people, but the harshness of the desert and depth of their faith can create the finest warrior-poets in the Odysseylands.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_chincho;Chincho;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_chincho_desc;The undead souls of Tostarenans, said to come back to life at night to partake in their traditions and whatever is left of their old lives. While Chinchos can be quite kind to their fellow Sand Kingdomers, outsiders are never welcomed into their domain, and the living locals often must tell travelers to never travel alone at night, lest the Chinchos take their presence as a... GRAVE INSULT!;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_lochlady;Lochlady;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_lochlady_desc;The Lochladies of the Lake Kingdom are known by their innocent beauty; it is said nobody can look upon a Lochlady without feeling at peace with oneself. They are legendary among the Lunatheologist due to their production of important religious regalia: Reproductions of the legendary Lochlady Dress. It's said no Lunatheologist bride can be married proudly without one.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_jaxi;Jaxi;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_jaxi_desc;The ancient Jaxi, built out of living stone, are the noble sentient mounts of the Sand Kingdom, being comparable to the Yoshis of other lands. The Jaxi are synonymous with the Sand Kingdom, and locals, pilgrims, and toursists alike agree that they are the lifeblood of the desert sands, giving safe passage to those for a reasonable fee.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_moe-eye;Moe-Eye;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_moe-eye_desc;Supposedly the original inhabitants of what is now the Sand Kingdom, the Moe-Eye are as mysterious as they are beloved as a symbol of the land. Moe-eyes tend to stick to secluded areas, sometimes alone, sometimes in small family units, fleeing if their privacy is encroached upon by curious outsiders.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_bubblainian;Bubblainian;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_bubblainian_desc;The snail-like inhabitants of the Seaside Kingdom, the Bubblainians are one of the most peaceful species anyone will have the honor of meeting. You are likely to see populations of Bubblainians lounging in the sun by their lands famous carbonated seas, and are willing to share their sun, sand, and sea with any outsider, be it pilgrim or tourist or immigrant.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_gushen;Gushen;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_gushen_desc;The eternal enemy of the Bubblainian people, the Gushens contrast their more peaceful foe in near every way. Long have the Gushens warred over the homelands of the legendary Sparkle Water, and every time their rivals have found it in them to beat them back with the help of their fellow Lunatheologists. One day, perhaps, the Gushen will have their way...;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_uproot;Uproot;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_uproot_desc;The Uproot are a secretive, malicious species that are the chaos to the Steam Gardeners' order. Uproots can often be found causing trouble for the Wooded Kingdom, not out of spite, but just for the laughs of seeing something beautiful be brought down.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_shiverian;Shiverian;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_shiverian_desc;The Shiverians of the Snow Kingdom are a humble species trying to make their way in a harsh environment and succeeding with flying colours. Shiverians are known for their physical might, their odd cultural customs, and their grand cuisine which is second only to the Luncheon Kingdom.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_thunder_dragon;Thunder Dragon;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_thunder_dragon_desc;Once, long long ago, there was a great empire known as the Thunder Kingdom, whose architecture was built to last a thousand years. Today, that architecture is all that remains of the Thunder Kingdom, brought low in their attempts to harness the power of what they thought was a God. This "God" was the Great Thunder Dragon, who slaughtered the prideful people of the Thunder Kingdom and took its palace as its new nesting ground as repentance. Today, the descendants of that false god rule the Ruined Kingdom with iron claws... May the Moon help them. Long live the Thunder Kingdom.;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_new_donker;New Donker;FRENCH;GERMAN;;SPANISH;;;;;;;;;x
species_new_donker_desc;An evolutionary offshoot from Humanity, the New Donkers stand at, on average, ten feet in height, towering over most in the world. New Donkers are known as the movers and shakers of the Odyssey continents, considered the greatest power in the region and surpassing even the Bonneters in cultural influence
